hi everybody welcome to my minecraft
beta 1.4 update test drive this is how
to find cocoa beans and use them to
craft cookies and brown wool do you
craft cookies or do you bake cookies
well I don't know let's find out so what
you need to find cocoa beans is a
dungeon and hopefully inside that
dungeon chest will be cocoa beans but
not always now this is an interesting
map I just generated it here with a seed
that someone had given me the guys name
is red dead underscore Zorro or redead
underscores or from Twitter he gave me
this seed and I will I'll write that out
in the description if you want to try
this out so generate a map use the seed
and you'll get a dungeon two dungeons
actually that dungeon in this dungeon
right next to the spawn and I know that
one of them already does have cocoa
beans because I checked so that's how
you get cocoa beans now they're actually
cocoa beans were added to the game in
1.2 but you couldn't get them in your
game they were available only through an
inventory editor or some kind of hacker
cheat but if you want them now you can
actually get them so first you've got to
find a dungeon and here's dungeon and
find the chests in the dungeon which is
here and this map and fortunately though
yes cocoa beans one pile of cocoa beans
I'm taking a saddle just in case I come
across a pig and feel like a raden
alright now let's take our cocoa beans
over here to the workbench and let's
craft slash baked cookies so I've got my
cocoa beans and I've got wheat because
you need wheat for cookies right and
that's what you do so two pieces of
wheat one cocoa bean this is cocoa beans
and you get cookies you get a stack of
eight per cocoa bean so I already have
some more cocoa beans here in my chest
which I've cheated to get in just for
demonstration purposes and as you can
see let me just show you that you can't
stack more than eight
trying to drop it on there so they're
limited to eight and stack and let me
show you what they do it was on peaceful
just to muck around a little bit in here
but so I'll go ahead and do a slam dance
with a cactus rave and then right click
and a cookie will replace half a heart
per cook II so that's about it nothing
fancy nothing special you know that the
advantage is that you can stack them but
they heal so little that they're not
even really worth taking up a whole lot
of inventory with so one or two stacks
they are good in the event you are you
know you take a small fall or dance with
the cactus and you just want to get that
one little half heart back just like
that and you don't want to waste a nice
piece of cooked pork or mushroom stew so
it does have a benefit there secondly
why am I going over there let's go grab
some more cocoa beans oh I've got them
the other thing you can do with cocoa
beans is put some wool here cocoa beans
you can make brown wool aka
poop blocks thank you Hodge Josh and the
shaft podcast for getting the poop block
stuck in my head every time I see one of
these things now so that's a poop block
now you can also get these poop blocks I
mean brown wool from brown sheep which
will spawn in the wild I don't see any
in fact I don't see very much out there
right now but they do spawn they're
brown obviously you walk up punch it in
the face it'll drop some poop blocks
I mean Brown well so yeah that's pretty
much it for the cocoa beans and brown
wool session let's go write a pig okay
anyway guys until next time oh and don't
forget I'll put that that seed in here
for these dungeons you guys can check
out cocoa beans and give it a try you
can also use an inventory editor there's
one called invent it and cheat get cocoa
beans in very quickly if you want to
make a whole bunch of cookies
and sell them to your neighbors all
right I'm off see you guys later take
care
you